Scene: Dumpy living room, sort of 70's, but with plastic over some things. There is a big comfy chair, a TV, a coffee table with a photo album on it, and a back button.

When player enters room show text: Smells like old people.

If player selects chair (and does not have dull knife or sharp knife in their inventory) the message "You sit down in some strangers chair because 'Hey, why not?'. As you try to get comfortable you find an old knife wedged deep in a crack." Then the Dull Knife gets added to inventory with the text "You have A Dull Knife."

If player selects chair and does have dull knife or sharp knife then we show the message "You sit down in the dusty old chair again and this time you find another knife. Oh wait, it's just a toenail clipping."

If player selects photoalbum and doesn't have A Happy then show text: "On hand you think "Maybe I should open that book of family photos." on the other hand you think "Maybe I should stop snooping around the houses of strangers."

If player selects photoalbum again and still doesn't have A Happy then photodeath.

If player selects photoalbum and does have A Happy then show message "As you flip through this sad collection of family photos your heart fills with sadness. Luckily you had a tiny bit of happiness stored away. Now you are just moderately sad." Add A Sad to their inventory with text "You have A Sad."

If the player selects the photoalbum and has A Sad then show the message "There's too much pain in there."

If the player selects the tv play the message "Through the static you hear a reporter saying something about a mysterious disappearance."

If the player selects the tv again play the message "Through the static you hear another reporter saying something about a horrible machine of death."

If the player selects the tv again play the message "The reception sucks, but you hear something on the news about kittens."

If the player selects the tv again play the message "Haven't these people heard of Hulu?"

If the player hits the back button take them to Entrance.
